oh she's blood joke he might go down to
the county he might just be out put him
out put him out she works on these men
to the military police so you knew she
grabbed her lay are you gonna baby she
she's on his back over his shoulders
with her me like wrapped and then she's
wrapping her other leg right his legs so
he can't really do too much when she's
choking about this is great oh just
reverse the grip he just reversed it oh
she has her legs around
oh cool
my keys is that under something yeah
exactly
no no I got a record so if I let you go
you're not gonna shoot me
right not tonight right that's right
biter the Astra let go yeah EMP while
times
no oh my god he shot her from the top
deck with with an airsoft gun it'll be
pretty good it's like shoot me on my
coop your ass it's like oh really oh
shit I start chasing them down like a
hole it's all right here it's all good I
won this one new message from has just
got done eating I'll be back in a few
Cara it's from Julie did you know I Kira
yeah here Pepsi hey so I still got 40
minutes to it so if you want to take
them down again
no we're 12 D video they totally beat us
you want to believe you're so moany
Mishy she's really dad I know it's a
good fight you guys I was crazy
alright so you let me call you later I
got a good quick tour okay what we had
the footage on tape that I'm still a
winner I'm gonna see you again
yeah